docs/config.md, before:

# Configuration

Example at the bottom!

What good would a terminal app be without the ability to configure it?

We try to configure Typeracer with sane defaults, but there are cases where you
may want to change how it runs.

Where you can find your config file:

Linux:

```
~/.config/typeracer/config.toml
```

And roughly in:

macOS:

```
$HOME/Library/Preferences
```

Windows:

```
{FOLDERID_RoamingAppData}
```

-- Note typeracer uses whatever the proper mechanism is for data and config 
folders are for your OS. e.g. XDG_DIRS on Linux. If you customize your XDG_DIRS, 
it will respect that and may be elsewhere.

## Configuration

Parameters you can configure in the default namespace:

`repo` = where your lang packs are located
* default: `https://gitlab.com/ttyperacer/lang-packs.git`
* For more information on the lang-pack format, see
    [here](https://gitlab.com/ttyperacer/terminal-typeracer/tree/master/docs/lang-pack-format.md)

`repo_version` = which version of the lang pack to use
* default: The recommended version compiled with the program

`history_size` = number of previous passages to remember during runtime
* default: `20`
* This buffer is dynamically allocated, so memory usage will not balloon on
    start if this is set to a high number
* The content of passages is stored in a buffer in history though, so a long
    runtime with a huge history may use more memory than expected.

Parameters you can configure in the `[lang_packs]` namespace:

`whitelisted` = Takes a list, enabled lang packs
* default: Everything

`blacklisted` = Takes a list, disabled lang packs
* default: Nothing

blacklisted and whitelisted cannot both be filled out at the same time.

You can see what is and isn't enabled, and what is and isn't available with the
`-s` flag: `typeracer -s`

## Example config

Assuming you want to customize everything, a fully configured file might look
like this:

```toml
repo = "https://gitlab.com/ttyperacer/lang-packs.git"
repo_version = "lang-0.2"
history_size = 20

[lang_packs]
blacklisted = ["default"]
```

Remember though that the config file is entirely optional and all parameters are
also optional.

Commit message:

Remove word after it is typed correctly
By doing this, we can ensure users can type out whole passages no matter
their terminal size.

This will be added as a config option, but may become the default.

Note that there are zero tests for this, and it is not configurable. It
could be a little cleaner too. Do NOT merge yet.

Full text should also show at the end on complete rather than the last
word.

Commit also cleans up a little bit of duplicate logic we had for game logic
that actually was never being run.

docs/config.md, after:

# Configuration

Example at the bottom!

What good would a terminal app be without the ability to configure it?

We try to configure Typeracer with sane defaults, but there are cases where you
may want to change how it runs.

Where you can find your config file:

Linux:

```
~/.config/typeracer/config.toml
```

And roughly in:

macOS:

```
$HOME/Library/Preferences
```

Windows:

```
{FOLDERID_RoamingAppData}
```

-- Note typeracer uses whatever the proper mechanism is for data and config
folders are for your OS. e.g. XDG_DIRS on Linux. If you customize your XDG_DIRS,
it will respect that and may be elsewhere.

## Configuration

Parameters you can configure in the default namespace:

`repo` = where your lang packs are located
* default: `https://gitlab.com/ttyperacer/lang-packs.git`
* For more information on the lang-pack format, see
    [here](https://gitlab.com/ttyperacer/terminal-typeracer/tree/master/docs/lang-pack-format.md)

`repo_version` = which version of the lang pack to use
* default: The recommended version compiled with the program

`history_size` = number of previous passages to remember during runtime
* default: `20`
* This buffer is dynamically allocated, so memory usage will not balloon on
    start if this is set to a high number
* The content of passages is stored in a buffer in history though, so a long
    runtime with a huge history may use more memory than expected.

Parameters you can configure in the `[lang_packs]` namespace:

`whitelisted` = Takes a list, enabled lang packs
* default: Everything

`blacklisted` = Takes a list, disabled lang packs
* default: Nothing

blacklisted and whitelisted cannot both be filled out at the same time.

You can see what is and isn't enabled, and what is and isn't available with the
`-s` flag: `typeracer -s`

Parameters you can configure in the `[display_settings]` namespace:

`always_full` = Decide whether or not to show the full passage at all times.
* default: `false`
* With this set to false, after a word is successfully typed, it will disappear
    to make room for the rest of the words.
* Setting to true sets the behavior back to the way it was in version `<=1.2.3`

## Example config

Assuming you want to customize everything, a fully configured file might look
like this:

```toml
repo = "https://gitlab.com/ttyperacer/lang-packs.git"
repo_version = "lang-0.2"
history_size = 50

[lang_packs]
blacklisted = ["default"]

[display_settings]
always_full = true
```

Remember though that the config file is entirely optional and all parameters are
also optional.
